Initial update of Module.md for WebSub extension (#12938)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/websub/src/main/ballerina/websub/Module.md

| b7a.websub.hub.signaturemethod | "SHA256"      | The signature method to use for authenticated content distribution |
| b7a.websub.hub.remotepublish   | false         | Whether publishing updates against the topics in the hub could be done by remote publishers via HTTP requests with `hub.mode` set to `publish`  |
| b7a.websub.hub.topicregistration | true      | Whether a topic needs to be registered at the hub for publishers to publish updates against the topic and for subscribers to send subscription requests for the topic |

## Introducing Specific Subscriber Services (Webhook Callback Services)

> Ballerina's WebSub subscriber service listener can be extended to introduce specific Webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina's WebSub-subscriber service listener can be extended to introduce specific Webhooks.
```

Author: Not sure if we need the `-` here. Ballerina's WebSub subscriber service listener is the only listener in the WebSub module.

Reviewer: +1

> With specific subscriber services, multiple resources can be introduced to accept content delivery requests, instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of the single `onNotification` resource, you can introduce multiple resources to accept content delivery requests using specific subscriber services.
```

> With specific subscriber services, multiple resources could be introduced to accept content delivery requests, instead

Reviewer 2: could or can?

>  of the single `onNotification` resource. These resources would correspond to the content delivery requests that will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 of the single `onNotification` resource. These resources will correspond to the content delivery requests that will 
```

>  be delivered for a particular topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 be delivered to a particular topic.
```

Author: You register to receive notifications for a topic.

These notification requests are not received to the topic, but instead due to registering to receive notifications for a topic. So IMO, `for` is the suitable word here. WDYT?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 be delivered with respect to a particular topic.
```

>  requests that could be received for a particular topic.

Reviewer 2: Shall we look at rephrasing this sentence? "could be received" sounds odd. There are other places where this phrase is used as well.

> For example, assume by subscribing to a particular topic with an issue tracking system, you receive notifications 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, assume a scenario in which you receive notifications either when an issue is opened or when an issue is closed by subscribing to a particular topic in an issue tracking system.

by subscribing to a particular topic with an issue tracking system, you receive notifications 
```

> either when an issue is opened or when an issue is closed. With a custom subscriber service listener which extends the 

Reviewer: With a custom subscriber service listener, which extends the 
generic WebSub subscriber service listener, you can allow two resources to accept content delivery requests (e.g., `onIssueOpened` 
and `onIssueClosed`) instead of the `onNotification` resource.

> either when an issue is opened or when an issue is closed. With a custom subscriber service listener, extending the 

Reviewer 2: service listener, extending the -> service listener which extends the?

generic WebSub subscriber service listener, two resources accepting content delivery requests (e.g., `onIssueOpened` 
and `onIssueClosed`) could be allowed instead of the `onNotification` resource. 

> These resources would accept two parameters,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources will accept two parameters,
```

1. The generic `websub:Notification` record as the first parameter

> 2. A custom record, corresponding to the expected payload (JSON) of the notification (e.g, `IssueCreatedEvent`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A custom record corresponding to the expected (JSON) payload of the notification (e.g., `IssueCreatedEvent`,
```

`IssueClosedEvent`)

> Such a specific service could be introduced by extending the generic subscriber service listener, specifying a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can introduce a specific service as such by extending the generic-subscriber service listener, specifying a 
```

mapping between the expected notifications and the resources that requests need to be dispatched to.

> The mapping could be based on one of the following indicators of a notification request. Dispatching would then be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mapping can be based on one of the following indicators of a notification request. Dispatching would then be 
```

> based on the value for the indicator in the request and a pre-defined mapping:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Then, requests will be dispatched based on the value of the indicator in the request and a pre-defined mapping.)
```

- A request header 

> - The payload - the value for a particular key in the JSON payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The payload - the value of a particular key in the JSON payload
```

> - A request header and the payload (combination of the above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A request header and the payload (combination of the above two)
```

#### Samples for Resource Mapping

**Based on a request header**

> Dispatching would be based on the value of the request header specified as `topicHeader`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dispatching will be based on the value of the request header specified as `topicHeader`. 
```

```ballerina
websub:ExtensionConfig extensionConfig = {
    topicIdentifier: websub:TOPIC_ID_HEADER,
    topicHeader: "<HEADER_TO_CONSIDER>",
    headerResourceMap: {
        "issueOpened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent),
        "issueClosed" : ("onIssueClosed", IssueClosedEvent)
    }
};
```

> The `"issueOpened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent)` entry here indicates that when the value of the header 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `"issueOpened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent)` entry indicates that when the value of the header 
```

> The `"issueOpened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent)` entry here indicates that when the value of the header 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `"issueOpened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent)` entry indicates that when the value of the header 
```

> `<HEADER_TO_CONSIDER>` is `issueOpened`, dispatching should happen to a resource named `onIssueOpened`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<HEADER_TO_CONSIDER>` header is `issueOpened`, dispatching should happen to a resource named `onIssueOpened`. 
```

> The first parameter of this resource would be the generic `websub:Notification` record, and the second parameter would 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first parameter of this resource will be the generic `websub:Notification` record and the second parameter will 
```

> be a custom `IssueOpenedEvent` record mapping the JSON payload received when an issue is created.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be a custom `IssueOpenedEvent` record, mapping the JSON payload received when an issue is created.  
```

**Based on the payload**

> Dispatching would be based on the value in the request payload for one of the map keys specified in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dispatching will be based on the value in the request payload for one of the map keys specified in the 
```

`payloadKeyResourceMap` map.

```ballerina
websub:ExtensionConfig extensionConfig = {
    topicIdentifier: websub:TOPIC_ID_PAYLOAD_KEY,
    payloadKeyResourceMap: {
        "<PAYLOAD_KEY_TO_CONSIDER>" : {
            "issueOpened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent),
            "issueClosed" : ("onIssueClosed", IssueClosedEvent)
        }
    }
};
```

> The `"issueOpened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent)` entry here indicates that when the value for the JSON payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `"issueOpened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent)` entry indicates that when the value of the JSON payload
```

 key `<PAYLOAD_KEY_TO_CONSIDER>` is `issueOpened`, dispatching should happen to a resource named `onIssueOpened`.

> The first parameter of this resource would be the generic `websub:Notification` record, and the second parameter would 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first parameter of this resource will be the generic `websub:Notification` record, and the second parameter would 
```

> be a custom `IssueOpenedEvent` record mapping the JSON payload received when an issue is created.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be a custom `IssueOpenedEvent` record, mapping the JSON payload received when an issue is created.   
```

**Based on a request header and the payload**
 

> Dispatching would be based on both a request header and the payload as specified in `headerAndPayloadKeyResourceMap`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dispatching will be based on both the request header and the payload as specified in the `headerAndPayloadKeyResourceMap`. 
```

> Additionally, a `headerResourceMap` and/or a `payloadKeyResourceMap` could also be introduced as additional mappings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can introduce a `headerResourceMap` and/or a `payloadKeyResourceMap` as additional mappings. 
```

 
```ballerina
websub:ExtensionConfig extensionConfig = {
    topicIdentifier: websub:TOPIC_ID_HEADER_AND_PAYLOAD,
    topicHeader: "<HEADER_TO_CONSIDER>",
    headerAndPayloadKeyResourceMap: {
        "issue" : {
            "<PAYLOAD_KEY_TO_CONSIDER>" : {
                "opened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent),
                "closed" : ("onIssueClosed", IssueClosedEvent)
            }
        }
    }
};
```

> The `"opened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent)` entry here indicates that when the value of the header 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `"opened" : ("onIssueOpened", IssueOpenedEvent)` entry indicates that when the value of the header 
```

> `<HEADER_TO_CONSIDER>` is `issue` and the value for the JSON payload key `<PAYLOAD_KEY_TO_CONSIDER>` is `opened`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<HEADER_TO_CONSIDER>` header is `issue` and the value of the `<PAYLOAD_KEY_TO_CONSIDER>` JSON payload key is `opened`, 
```

dispatching should happen to a resource named `onIssueOpened`.

> The first parameter of this resource would be the generic `websub:Notification` record, and the second parameter would 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first parameter of this resource will be the generic `websub:Notification` record and the second parameter will 
```

> be a custom `IssueOpenedEvent` record mapping the JSON payload received when an issue is created.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be a custom `IssueOpenedEvent` record, mapping the JSON payload received when an issue is created.  
```
